[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: My name's Bianca, I am
a JavaScript evangelist for Hack Reactor,
which is an immersive JavaScript
school in San Francisco.
We have some cohorts coming up for
our remote program as well as our
in-person program in San Francisco.
More details on that at hackreactor.com,
and let's see.
So I guess we'll just jump in.
Most of us have completed
the pre-event survey.
So I kind of have an idea
of your background,
your expectations for
the class and things like that.
Normally I would do a round of
introductions, but since we're running
a few minutes behind, I'll probably
save that for, I'll come around and
meet the in person people one by one
during exercise time just for fun.
So, this is a two part class.
Day one we're going to do
some JavaScript fundamentals.
We're going to go over and deep dive
objects and rays of deep functions, and
then tomorrow,
we are going to go even further and take
what we learned today and practice some
functional JavaScript on patterns with it.
So, lot's of fun stuff coming up.
For those of you who haven't seen,
we have some links to the slides,
it's a bit.ly/js102-slides1,
as well as bit.ly/js102-exercises,
which that's where we'll be
going during the exercise time.
All right, well let's get started.
So first thing is who is this class for?
So maybe you've been
studying on your own for
a few months on Code Academy,
Khan Academy or more.
And you're thinking, okay,
what's that next step?
I've done all the beginner resources but
I want more, and
I can't seem to find that middle ground.
And I'm not able to solidify and
practice those concepts that I was
introduced in these beginner tutorials.
So that's what this class is for.
So it's someone who's
completed a tutorial before,
you have at least two to six months
experience practicing JavaScript, and
you want to solidify those fundamentals.
Maybe you're just looking for
more practice, and
even better, maybe you're interested
in becoming a hack reactor.
And this class initially
designed actually to help people
who don't have any traditional computer
science experience get into Hack Reactor.
So for those of you who are interested in
that, this course is perfect for that.
Cool, so like I mentioned before,
this is a two
part course that I teach in the evenings
and on the weekend at Hack Reactor.
Part one, again, is just solidifying
core JavaScript principles.
We're gonna do that using a project for
practice.
And then part two, we're gonna be getting
started with some functional concepts
in JavaScript as well as introducing
the Underscore Library and how to use it.
And then afterwards, you can use this
foundation to keep growing as an engineer
or apply at Hack Reactor.
Or I don't know, I think the next step
is take over the world generally.
But you know, whatever you want to do.